hey guys it was request for me to do a
video of my shoe collection so I accept
that I have to show you guys all my
shoes today so I'm gonna start out with
my sandals and flip-flops so first I
have these j.crew flip-flops you have
like little anchors on them and not
there not some of sailing I used to go
to sailing camp and I learned a few of
the notes I don't really remember them
though I thought they're really cute and
nautical their red white and blue and
next I have my hollister flip-flops and
they're so comfortable here at the other
one too I just got the blue and white
stripes its a bright blue but it kind of
faded a little bit but I loved blue
color and that's why I picked this and
they're really comfortable normally I
love j.crew flip-flops those are my most
comfortable but I didn't get any of
those of those this year because I get a
discount of how service my sister works
there and so I got these and I really i
love them i think they're just as
comfortable and they're not quite as
like big and noticeable and they really
multi repeat i don't know if you can see
from the side how I like dent them my
feet always the toecutter flip flops
right right there always gets flattened
down to like this big because I really
were issues I have like an extra bone in
my foot and I have flat feet and I don't
know how it happens but it's always this
one spot that always gets fun down so
much and these have been wearing since
like all my vacations and for since
summer started and even before you know
in school and when it gets warm and it's
not flat and I'm so happy because can
still multum I feet without flattening
out because I hate that I have to get
like four pairs of flip-flops of summer
in one would just so that doesn't happen
and then i have my birkenstocks i have
the green like toe ones i cannot work on
sense my feet are flat and they're just
so uncomfortable for me i got these in
like st. Barts but um and like I wear
them if I don't have to walk for very
long but if I
to walk really long it like stretches
out like button it hurts really bad that
I thought the really cute and next was
some of them still I have these are my
forever 21 ones there were seven dollars
i gotta know California oh there's need
a nice books and I'm and but like look
like they're worth seven dollars a fair
already like so broken like there's this
little thing is killing off and on the
foot like my whole would feel has kill
that but I like by mining for seven
dollars they're pretty cute and they
look thanks if you have been actually
warned them next I have these um um I
got these in Greece because my shoes
broke while i was there and i love them
so you look the two parts the paint's
already come off because i like one of
them so much but i love them like you
can tell the chill part when you're
actually bringing them i think they're
so cute they have like these little
jewels and i wear them during the day
and at night because i love them and
make their like fancy but they're still
like you know I sandals for the day I
think they're so cute um next I have my
steve madden sandals that I got it
teaching max actually for thirty dollars
and these ones I got pretty recently but
I've been wearing them every single day
I love them they're so comfortable cuz i
have flat feet they're so flat they're
so comfortable on me and look there's
like all this pretty beading and i just
i love them i wear them all the time
they go with everything cuz they're like
dark and they're white they're perfect
they're like my go-to shoes like every
single day I mean like my flip-flops are
obviously like a little more comfortable
but they're not like as cute as these I
love these things I would my favorite
shoes right now um next these are from
Urban Outfitters I've seen a ton of
people with them I really like how they
look but the first day I got them I was
walking around and you know the zipper
goes up I'm knocking during that just in
case if Rick seein it like it was it
rose up here because it was zipped up
and then this part just the whole zipper
like opened up and I like
undo what ended me again our to undo and
I'm like afraid to wear them again like
if I'm not going to be around my house
because I don't want that to have in
them to break while I'm wearing them but
i really like um but they do like my
feet also look really big on the sides
like nine and a half hour 10 and they
shut it like shows like if you look at
this it looks bit um so like it's a
little bit like I'm always like a little
bit self-conscious about that but that
just kind of like um next I've my flats
these are the flats I we're almost there
um el tahari I got these at TJ maxx too
I think um I really like them they're
just black and they have these cute
little things on them they're so simple
and they're so comfortable and I like
whenever I'm Marge heels to a party I
always bring these in my bag because I
can just go like this stick them in my
bag oh and um okay I'm just going right
and and so like they're perfect I bring
them with me like everywhere I love them
with everything next these are my target
ones I've had these for two years
already and look the toe is like coming
off but I really love them they're so
comfortable to have their like ten
dollars I don't even know and they're so
cute and they like go with a lot of what
I wear cuz they're light and they just
have like these little flowers and movie
bugs on them okay I like having gotten
rid of them I'm like sentimental of that
next time I tory burch ones i got these
at the tory burch outlet there like
clear and they have this thing I can't
wear them very often because they're um
like plastic oh my god it's good but um
no
but they make my feet sweat a lot
because they're plastic and they also
make my feet look really big because
these are actually treated but oh my god
I'm so sad sounds like two years I
didn't warn them into one we must have
ripped like under the while they were
sitting in my Mudder I dog mr. Chiu Fung
um next I have these Steve man's these I
hardly ever wear I got the long time ago
I don't really like them very much they
look very like business woman e but like
I liked the color it's a glue and their
mother but I don't get rid of is dead
pretty new looking like never really
nice i like them off but they don't got
with it um next these aren't really in
any category these are my Minnetonka
moccasin booties I got these on the deal
you website they're on say off really
twenty thirty dollars i don't know i
really like I'm the second where I was
like shorts or they're not like boot so
it's not like yeah looking they're like
just little booties and I talked about
shorts and dresses or jeans I wear him a
lot they'd make my feet look big to but
I like on anyways is a really
comfortable they actually are pretty big
on the afterward big big socks with them
that's okay because their booty so they
don't you and um next I have my sneakers
these I've had since like seventh grade
but I love them they're so comfortable
they're nike and they they're like
silver I got so many compliments on but
um I just love them they're so
comfortable and they are so cute like
there's so much cuter than wearing like
real gross sneakers you know and they're
like real sneakers like I can wear them
to the gym but like I just level but the
butt